Most online stores get traffic but still
struggle to turn clicks into sales.
Often because they are missing the basic
elements every product page needs to
convert. If your product pages aren't
converting like you expected, this video
will help you fix that so that your
visitors become actual paying customers.
I've spent over 10 years building and
growing e-commerce stores, including
multiple seven and eight figure brands.
And after testing all the product page
layout combinations you can imagine, I
noticed that the high converting stores
all follow the same core elements no
matter the niche. In this video, I'll
break down those elements and show you
exactly how to structure your product
page so that you get higher conversions.
And at the end, I'll reveal the most
common mistakes even experienced store
owners make and how to fix them
instantly. If you're new here, I'm
Christian. And after so many years in
e-commerce, one thing I've learned is
that great product pages don't just look
good, they guide people to buy. If you
want to learn more about how to properly
design a product page, hit subscribe and
turn on notification so you don't miss
any future videos. We all want our
stores to stand out, to look custom,
unique, or trendy. But with e-commerce,
small design choices can make big
differences in conversions. So instead
of guessing what works, it's smarter to
look at proven examples. And one of my
favorites is Last Object. This is a
Shopify store making over $2 million a
year. And their layout is a perfect
model for how a product page should be
structured. What's impressive is that
they build a multi-million dollar brand
around something as simple as a reusable
swab. Prove that even the most ordinary
products can turn into a huge success
with the right strategy. And companies
like Last Object that get steady
traffic, sell on Amazon, and have built
real recognition online have data to
back up every layout decision they make.
They understand user behavior. They know
what helps conversions and they've
refined their pages to remove as much
friction as possible. The main thing
they are focusing on is what's showing
up right away, what's visible in the
first screen above the fold the moment
someone lands on their site. When I say
above the fold, it's not just about your
computer and your device. Everyone's
device is different. A desktop computer,
a laptop or a tablet all show a
different part of the page first. A
common mistake store owners make is
designing their site based only on how
it looks on their own device on their
own screen. And you can fix that in a
few simple ways. You don't need multiple
devices to test. But if you want, you
can try zooming in and zooming out in
your browser to mimic different sizes.
You can also use your browser's
developer tools to preview your site on
multiple screen widths. And if you've
got a tablet or other devices laying
around, you can open the page and see
how it feels on real screens. The goal
is to make sure your key elements stay
visible above the fold everywhere, no
matter the device someone is using. And
another thing you should know is that
cross browser testing is also really
important. What looks perfect on Chrome
might appear slightly off on Safari or
other browsers. Depending on who your
audience is and what device they use
most, make sure that you test on those
browsers and fine-tune your layout
accordingly. We want to show the
customer the most important information
first because the more someone has to
scroll, the less likely they are to buy.
If we look at last object, for example,
the product page follows the same
principle. They keep everything
essential above the fold. images, title,
price, call to action, all structured
clearly. And while this might seem like
a simple layout, this is exactly what's
working. You can make small adjustments
depending on your brand, but this is the
layout people are familiar with when it
comes to online shopping. So, first,
let's look at what's visible above the
fold. Right away, people should see a
clear navigation and the key elements
that help them understand where they are
and what they are looking at. A clean,
simple navigation keeps visitors moving
without getting lost. And if your site
has more pages or collections, it's
worth adding a small breadcrumb section
at the top. It helps users understand
their position on the side and easily
move back if they need to, keeping the
browsing experience smooth and
frustrationfree. Now, Last Object
doesn't have a breadcrumb section, but
they have a fairly simple navigation.
You can just shop now or read about
sustainability which is one of the
reasons their customers buy from them.
Next we have the logo and to the right
we have the user account and the
shopping bag. There are things you can
change here like for example you can
start with the logo first and then have
the navigation but the user account
search box and shopping bag should
always be on the right. Aside from that
we want to include the most important
product details. The main product image
should be placed on the left supported
by a few additional images that shoppers
can scroll or click through. This helps
them understand the product quickly and
builds confidence in what they are
buying. If possible, include a short
video as well that gives people a better
sense of how the product looks like and
feels in the real life. Then we've got
the product title. In this case, it's
not using too many SEO keywords, and
this is because the brand already has
online recognition. But for most
businesses without a big public profile
or marketing budget, it's important to
research and include the keywords people
are actually searching for in this
title. This helps your product get
discovered by more potential customers.
One key part of a product page is the
social proof. And a simple way to show
it is with reviews. You can place the
review stars either above or below the
product title, whichever looks better
for you, but make sure that they are
always visible. Most review apps do this
already, and it's a good idea to make
the stars clickable so that people can
click them and they are sent directly to
the full review section, but you should
keep the star widget subtle, no bright
colors or underlines that distract from
your main call to action. Then you'll
also want to add a short description or
a subheading. This is important because
it gives people a quick idea of what the
product is and why it matters without
making them scroll or read too much.
Keep it brief and punchy. Most people
won't read more than a sentence or two.
To make it stand out, you can add a
badge next to it. Badges are great for
social proof. Whether it's an award, a
certificate, a safety rating, or
something similar, kind of like the one
they are using right here underneath the
add to car button. their customers care
about the environment. So that's why
they've added that badge there. The next
area to focus on is pricing. And one
interesting thing Last Object does is to
display their pricing directly inside
the add to cart button. This isn't a
standard practice. Normally you'd have a
separate section for this, but in their
case, it works well and it's a nice
touch for their design. Sales and
discounts should be easy to see. Show
the original price so people quickly
understand the deal. Make the main price
stand out, bold or larger to grab
attention and encourage the purchase.
Next, include any additional options or
details like color, size, or other
variations. And of course, your add to
cart button. And it's crucial that your
add to car button stands out from the
rest of the design. Use a distinct color
so it's immediately visible and draws
attention, making it clear where you
have to click. All right, moving down,
we have some additional icons and trust
signals. If possible, it's great to keep
those above default, especially if they
are deal breakers for customers like
free shipping or easy returns. And Last
Object does this really well. They
display the delivery time right
underneath the add to car button,
followed by a logo highlighting their
environmentally friendly mission, which
resonates well with their audience.
Below that, they include three
additional trust badges. This little
details help build trust and make
customers feel confident about buying.
There's no single way of laying out this
content, but as long as it is clear and
easy to find, you are on the right
track. Last Objects layout is specific
to their niche, but for most stores, you
can include three trust badges right
underneath the add toart button. And in
the expandable sections or drawers, you
can add product details, information
about returns, or other policies,
ingredients, and any other relevant
info. Now, Last Object doesn't have a
traditional description like we are used
to seeing on e-commerce sites, and
that's because they've decided to
explain their product through sections
down below. They are essentially
answering customers questions through
the sections like why use our product,
how to use our product, environmental
mission, social proof, related products,
FAQ and reviews. And if you don't want
to create separate sections for all of
this, you can include information about
why use our product, how to use our
product, and the brand's mission inside
an extended text description that should
contain images and videos when needed.
then you can only create separate
sections for FAQs and reviews. With a
simple layout like this, you will be
able to convert more of your users. The
key is to focus on the first viewport.
Make sure the most important information
is visible and functional for your
visitors right away. Sometimes the
problem with platforms like Shopify, for
example, is that their flexibility can
actually work against you. You have so
many options that's easy to pick a theme
that doesn't follow proven structure or
you get overwhelmed and place elements
in the wrong spots, basically sabotaging
your own layout without even realizing
it. For anyone out there that wants to
skip all that hustle, finding the right
theme, designing the perfect product
page, or installing extra apps for
reviews or sticky add toart buttons,
there's a new e-commerce platform called
Everbe Store. It lets you build a fully
functional store in minutes using AI
guidance. Out of the box, it gives you
the exact layout we talked about in this
video with everything included. So, you
don't have to worry about missing key
elements or paying extra for apps. With
EverBT store, you can focus on testing
products quickly instead of fiddling
with design or setup. You can sell
anything, physical products, digital
products, or even subscriptions. And it
includes email marketing and everything
you need to get started fast. This way
you can discover what actually works
without guessing on layouts, apps or
other setup details. So if you're
interested in EverB store, you're going
to find a link in the description. And
now when designing the mobile layout,
because that's also important, we should
be careful about what we place at the
top. The goal is to show people the most
important information first. Make sure
that all the elements in the viewport
are well dimensioned and they don't take
up too much space. On mobile, users are
more likely to scroll than to just
bounce directly. So, you don't need to
fit every detail into the small
viewport, but the key elements should
still be visible right away. For image
carousels on mobile, is better to show
dots instead of showing all the
thumbnails. That saves space and hints
that there are more images to scroll
through. Another helpful touch is to
partially display the next image so the
customer knows that they can swipe
through additional photos. Right below
the product image, you should have the
product title and then you should have
the price. From my research, these are
really the only things you need to show
in the initial viewport on mobile.
People don't expect the add to car
button to appear right away in my
opinion. So, I think they are fine
scrolling down and finding it. The key
is to make sure that the users
immediately know what product they are
looking at. They can see the images or
videos. They can see the title and the
price. Anything else like descriptions,
reviews or additional details can flow
below. Of course, big brands try to
include all the important elements
inside the viewport when possible. Last
object, for example, shows everything
that matters to them. Images, title,
price, and key trust signals, all
arranged in a clean, organized way. This
ensures users immediately see what's
most important without feeling
overwhelmed. Of course, if you want to
have any sections underneath this
essential ones, make sure that they are
properly sized for mobile. Text should
be readable, images correctly scaled,
and information should flow naturally.
And I always recommend the sticky add
toart button on mobile that ensures that
as users scroll, they can take action at
any point. Last object doesn't have
this, but in my experience, it can
significantly improve conversions. So
now, what are the biggest mistakes store
owners make with their product pages?
One of the biggest mistakes is a
cluttered above the fold area. Some
people place elements at the top that
aren't properly sized, which pushes the
most important information below the
viewport. When that happens, customers
don't see what matters right away and
are more likely to bounce. Another
common mistake is poor navigation.
Confusing menus, missing breadcrumbs, or
no clear way to get back to categories
can frustrate users, making it harder
for them to find what they are looking
for. Weak product images are another big
problem. Using lowquality pictures, not
showing multiple angles, or not adding
videos that demonstrate the product
makes it harder for customers to
understand what they are buying.
Ignoring mobile optimization is also a
big one. Many store owners assume that
the desktop layout will naturally work
on mobile or they cram too much onto a
small screen which can frustrate users.
You know, when you try to click things,
then neglecting social proof can also
hurt conversions. If there are no
reviews, no ratings, no trust badges.
Customers don't have the reassurance
they can't feel confident buying. Then
overloading descriptions is also a big
problem. Long dense text at the top of
the page can overwhelm users. Short
punchy copy that quickly explains the
product works much better. Then a weak
or hidden call to action is a huge
issue, too. Add to car buttons that
don't stand out, are hard to find, or
aren't sticky on mobile make it harder
for customers to take action. Then,
ignoring trust signals can hurt, too.
Missing badges for word certifications,
free shipping, or environmentally
friendly messaging can reduce
credibility and make users hesitant. And
finally, not testing across devices and
browsers is a mistake many store owners
make. Layouts that look fine on one
screen or browser can break on others,
causing a poor experience for many, many
customers. Designing a product page that
converts is all about showing the right
information first. Build trust and make
it easy for customers to take action. If
you found this helpful, drop me a like.
And if you want to learn how to
customize your Shopify product page, you
can watch this step-by-step tutorial
that already helped tens of thousands of
people. Click it and I'll see you there.